# Section 2: Application and Certification Steps for WeChat Service Account

### 2.1 Application and Certification Steps for WeChat Service Account

1. Preparation of materials:

- An email address that has not been registered for a public account or mini program (it is recommended to register 3 new email addresses on 163 mail for service account, mini program, and development platform respectively: website: https://email.163.com/)

- Scanned copy or photo of business license and public bank account information (account number, bank name, personal business owners need to provide the owner's account number).

- ID card of legal representative, front and back photos, mobile phone number, commonly used email, and company landline number.

- WeChat name and WeChat account, such as Baidu: baidu.

2. Application for service account: Open the public account website: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/

- After entering the official website, click "Register Now" to go to the type selection page and select "Service Account."

- Fill in the email activation code, check the email, fill in the basic information, and submit it. (This email is the login account of the public account)

- Select the main type "Service Account" according to the prompts.

- Follow the prompts to fill in the information. Note: select legal representative verification (fastest authentication method), and the legal representative needs to scan the QR code to fill in the administrator information (recommended for legal representatives)- continue- confirm.

- Fill in the service account name, service account introduction, and select the area. (The service account name can only be modified during authentication, and the service account introduction can be changed up to 5 times per month)- scan to login.

3. Service account certification: Scan to login, click the icon in the upper right corner-certification details-open-start application-(administrator scans the QR code)-start certification.

- Agree to the agreement-next step.

- Select the enterprise-corporate legal representative-fill in the information-legal representative scans the QR code.

- Click "Next" to confirm the information filled in. At this point, you can modify the public account name you just applied for, but you need to wait until the next annual review to confirm the change.

- Scan to pay, fill in the invoice-tax identification number-next step-scan to pay-wait for Tencent's review-pay attention to receiving phone calls (typical cases can complete authentication within 10 minutes).