## Section 2.7 Steps to Bind Mini Programs

To prepare the entire SaaS system, you need to: a) bind a certificate to the mini program domain (send the certificate that binds the domain to the technical configuration); b) create two mini programs, one for the control center and one for the mall.

1. Log in to the WeChat open platform address:

https://open.weixin.qq.com/

2. Click on "Third-Party Platform" -&gt; "Details".

3. On the details page, click on "To-Be-Developed Mini Program" -&gt; "Add Development Mini Program" -&gt; enter the mini program's account and password, and bind it by scanning the QR code (don't leave the page).


4. After binding, send the APPID to the technical team.

Before that, you need to log in to https://mp.weixin.qq.com/ and bind the developer to the mini program:

Click "Member Management" -&gt; click "Edit" -&gt; "Add Member" -&gt; enter the WeChat ID -&gt; check "Developer Permission" -&gt; scan the QR code to confirm.

5. When the technical team receives the APPID, they will submit the code. After receiving the message that the code has been submitted by the technical team, go back to the previous page on the WeChat open platform, click "Draft Box", and then click "Add to Template Library" -&gt; select the "Normal Template Library" -&gt; click "OK".

6. The mini program template library will be transferred to the normal template library. Click "Details" and record the templateID and version number.

7. Log in to the SaaS control center, click "Settings" -&gt; "Mini Program Version Release" -&gt; "Publish New Version".


8. Log in to the SaaS platform, click "Applications" -&gt; "Sales Channels" -&gt; "Mini Programs" -&gt; "Manually Publish", enter version number 1.0.0 and submit it for review.